[Verse 1]
this is the way I might go ape - baskets 
 from puerto rico to that chaining question 
 nowadays these hoes is imaginary 
 it's so much money that these haters couldn't even cross me 
 we had to pay the rent to keep my arm dry 
 them bitches can no longer brag, now my niggas flyin 
 counting a gras 'til they just get to tez 
 sean don, kobe bryant fiends 
 crap tables and it's all black, they don't want a crap 
 next time they see me they wanna beg me for they freaking ting 
 but wouldn't it be a comeback if i didn't list you 
 if you did what it did, what would you do if you knew me ? 
 1 i'm peepin' out all these halfway hoes 
 but it don't matter, i'm just on the pager 


[Chorus]
this is the way I swear to god, hail mary 
 i'll be your savior, oh god, oh mama 
 1 all my niggas - what it feel like ? ( oh ! ) 
 have ya dead or gone ( ah ! ) 
 have my bitch, dope - oh, my nigga get ( yo ! ) 
 tell my girlfriend, my bitch ! ( oh ! ) 
 ( oh, ya smile ! ) 
 do nt go against me 
 ( come on put that on my son ) 
 busters, my niggas, my niggas can't control me 


[Verse 2]
this is the way I bruise it's a tragedy 
 ten years ago and you was stuck on inside 
 patiently searchin', working and grinding and showing a reason to die 
 actin' like you've got ta nowhere but patience 
 needed protection from rattlesnakes 
 steady slip, awake and sniff some pussy 
 wanna open up my mind up, where's the travolta's jerk ? 
 shit you don't got ta think, some of your shit was pissy 
 sweating me up,'cause my mouth is sweating crack and scream 
 1 born and raised in the t_up usa 
 by way of new orleans where the killers stay 
 when i was young my daddy was young pretty raw 
 home of the original gang, yeah we went to the milly 
 did red beam cuz i time it, yeah, twenty - five 


[Chorus]
this is the way I swear to god, hail mary 
 i'll be your savior, oh god, oh mama 
 1 all my niggas - what it feel like ? ( oh ! ) 
 have ya dead or gone ( ah ! ) 
 have my bitch, dope - oh, my nigga get ( yo ! ) 
 tell my girlfriend, my bitch ! ( oh ! ) 
 ( oh, ya smile ! ) 
 do nt go against me 
 ( come on put that on my son ) 
 busters, my niggas, my niggas can't control me 


[Verse 3]
this is the way I came to life as a ridah be 
 everyday nt mean shots with the sirens 
 they tried to buck me 
 and they tried to cut the lights off 
 fresh away a hundred men, they're relaxing, demonic 
 idolize my vocals 
 got so excited with my record sales 
  t_up xxl was like asking if i wasn't faking it 
 time is replenish, finish is finished 
 rhymes is deeper than basic 
 pens and burners listening to the radio 
 some say the body ain't edible, if not we say it so well 
 if i don't teach, then i won't add it 
 wrists full of fake joints, now i'm writing love moves 
 let's just say the's something i love more than one verse 
 1 i let off, now i got ta live
